if you have no idea what these products
are I don't blame you I mean obviously
they're headphones and they're clearly
made by nothing but the naming scheme
guys the naming scheme you can't have a
product called the nothing ear and then
nothing ear to and then follow it up
with the nothing ear and then nothing
ear a how does this fit in the product
stack they say this is supposed to help
improve Clarity included accessories are
a little tiny USBC cable three different
sizes of ear tips but silly names aside
there's a lot to like here priced at $99
and
$149 these things supposedly pack a ton
of performance into a very reasonable
size package if I was nothing I'd be
saying it's going to be a whole new
era okay in all seriousness though hold
on a second hold on a second before we
play around too much with these things
let's talk about the differences between
the two SKS they both offer over 8 hours
of playback if you have active noise
cancellation off and only about half of
that if you have active noise
cancellation on and it's even less if
you're on the phone so while the active
noise cancellation has been described as
pretty darn good although not on par
with the airpods pros it is going to
come at a significant cost for battery
life both of them run for about 40 hours
if you include the batteries in the case
and you don't havec enabled and both are
compatible with the nothing X app which
can be used to tune the EQ profiles
which is by the way something you're
probably going to want to do given that
they're a little on the base heavy side
out of the box even if their overall
Clarity is actually quite nice and very
competitive with even higher end audio
brands for the price by the way shout
out headphones.com for putting together
these frequency response curves for us
if you guys want to check those out
we're going to have them linked down
below now let's talk about some
differences the ear A's the less
expensive ones are available in this fun
yellow color so you could look fun like
this while the ears are only available
in their classic colors although I got
to say I am loving their industrial
design on these things they're
apparently using a super super clear
plastic some kind of polyurethane
material that gives it a very glass-like
transparency of about what is it 89%
also inside it's got ceramic drivers
rather than the more traditional drivers
in the E A and in practice we did find
that this improved Clarity and the Sound
Stage though
by 50% cuz we're going from $99 to
$150 n that's a lot tougher of a sell
but definitely some improvement of
course I haven't listened to them yet
this is all notes from the labs and from
headphones.com so far got to say I am
not finding the case to be the most
intuitive thing in the world but it's
not bad I think I could get used to it
and it's pretty packable it's
bulkier yep definitely bulkier man if it
was me just for the size of the case
alone I think I would be leaning toward
the ear A's speaking of cases the ears
are ip55 rated which honestly I find
kind of hard to believe like this
doesn't seem to have any kind of
meaningful seal in it I don't see how
it's going to keep any water out uh
whereas the ear 2 H whereas the ear is
see I don't know what to call these
things oh you had a perfectly good
naming scheme sort of is and then you've
made it even worse sorry the ear A's are
ipx2
anyway they both have USBC charging and
will get you about 10 hours of playback
on 10 minutes of charging which is
pretty good as far as fast charging goes
and the ears have wireless charging at 2
and 1/2 Watts so if you want to vampiric
sap power off of your phone then you can
absolutely do that or you could just use
a wireless charger I guess that's also
an option can I just say shout out
having a pairing button like seriously I
hate obviously it works fine but I hate
having to go dig up the manual for my
freaking wireless headphones every time
I want to connect them I have to have
them in the case and you have to like
press on one of them or something I can
never remember like apple has made it
clear they will eliminate buttons
whenever possible even they have a
pairing button so just include it oh wow
that active noise cancellation is not
bad um hold on a second first let me
just have a look at oh oh there's
squeeze it makes a little breathing
noise oh that's weird like someone
breathing in your ear noise uh hopefully
that's something you can configure nice
clear indicators for the sides are nice
to see too look at that big red dot big
white dot Big Red Dot big white dot
actually they wow those really stay in
very comfortable for me although some
folks did complain that they didn't have
enough assortment of ear tip sizes I'm
finding the mediums perfect for me
though you can configure the controls
for them so single pinch is not
configurable that's how you answer calls
and all that but you can long press you
can double press and hold oo you can
configure that to some action on the
right I've got noise control and then on
the left I've got
Voice Assistant which can apparently
include chat GPT that's been
preconfigured for me on the white one so
maybe we'll try that in a minute and
this is a funny one headphones.com
pointed out that turning Bas enhance off
doesn't seem to work for now but turning
it on and all the way to the lowest will
serve to turn the base down a little bit
compared to what is the default low leg
mode will apparently enable by default
when you're in game mode and achieves
about 100 milliseconds of latency it
said 112 that sounds like a because it
is but realistically Bluetooth 5.3
hasn't got any magic bullet to solve
audio latency once and for all this is
cool their ANC includes a fit test so it
can actually compensate if there's
louder noises or even if you don't have
as good of a seal and with the ears if
you pay the extra 50 bucks they've got a
personal EQ configurator that will kind
of play test sounds and then try to
create a curve that will match your
hearing and actually Gary from the lab
said that it worked quite well for him
they had to really chop out a lot of the
high end he's getting kind of up there
in age
so he's right here I wouldn't say that
about him except right to his
face oh but first we should probably
listen to this message from our sponsor
and it's dbrand all I've been told is
that it's something to do with nothing's
ear earphones imagine if they use the
resources that they dedicate to pranking
me for something constructive Maybe they
could build a clear phone case that
doesn't have problems oh my God how many
boxes do I need to open another
box yo lonus we heard you like unbox so
we put an unbox in your unbox so you can
unbox while you unbox you know I don't
think it says anywhere in my contract
that I have to play along with these
jerk
offs oh my God this is truly riveting
television packing peanut
we don't make anything for this device
go to short.com to see what they do make
H YouTube music here we go is this loged
in his Jake can I mess with him well he
seems like probably a Coco melon
Enthusiast I mean crazy frog for sure
definitely Nicki Minaj Leonard Cohen you
know what sure done be like who are you
oh wait welcome lius oh no whose account
am I in
no all right well I guess we're we're
going to we're going to be listening to
some stuff then wow Live From The Ed
Sullivan Show do you remember this
performance can't hear a word you're
saying got thec on one moment please did
you find at any point that it felt like
there might be too much stereo
Separation on these things good gravy it
sounds like half of the singers are way
over there and half of them are over
there I mean most people wouldn't
complain about a wide Sound Stage let's
find something a little more modern
though just so I can have some idea what
the clarity is like I definitely see
what you mean about the base heaviness
though it's a lot it's kind of beatsy
decent Clarity especially compared to
some of the early beat stuff but it's a
little much I got to say even in the non
andc mode these don't have pass through
do
they that's a big missing point cuz even
though I can kind of hear through them
they still isolate really well and if I
wanted to be able to have any
situational awareness while I'm wearing
my earphones this would be a knock
against them oh no I have transparency
on right now I couldn't even tell this
is cool they have adaptive noise
cancellation though so it can detect if
you're in a really heavy environment
like on an airplane or a lighter
environment like a coffee shop for
example and amp it up or down yeah that
transparency man is
uh I'd want to be able to turn the base
enhancement off entirely but they sound
really good obviously it's been a couple
of years and the industry's made a lot
of progress on on active noise
cancellation but that that pressure
sound that you used to get with the
older implementations I get none of that
on these what's the general consensus on
the nothing ear
headphones hilarious the nothing ear one
headphones were released in July
2021 they got a ton of attention for
their unique design and features that is
what I'm talking about your own
assistant on your own headphones has no
idea what product I'm asking about
because your naming scheme makes no
sense nothing
okay they're also super base heavy this
seems like even more maybe I haven't
adjusted the EQ yet base enhance oh God
it's already at level one yeah that
doesn't seem to do anything does it it's
a shame because like her vocals sound
great if they weren't being overpowered
if you weren't Side by siding them
though honestly I think you'd be hard
pressed to tell the difference between
the sound signature of these two
headphones so unless you're really into
the wireless charging the additional
battery life the better IP rating of the
case and and the more comprehensive
tuning controls man the ear A's kind of
looking killer subscribe to Short
Circuit